hey guys what's up my name is Sara Dee
cheering speech if you're near I'm here
this is my friend Johnny and we're
unboxing snapchat spectacles do you
still have snapchat on your phone I do I
use it
yeah okay see the moment Instagram
stories came out I was like nope no more
I'm going over to Instagram and I
deleted my snapchat so I'm gonna have to
read some of it but the reason why I
actually got the new spectacles
they're too new like very fashion II
look one is because we both have mopeds
and it's very hard to Instagram story
from your moped hard and dangerous and
dangerous probably illegal so I wouldn't
recommend we go and easier exactly all
you gotta do is well tap oh my gosh
fathers - no there's - all right so
we're gonna we're gonna see which one
looks cooler I'm gonna keep one of these
I'm satisfied Wow
okay here we go
oh very Apple askin you know oh these
are so much fancier than the first one
you don't play games
we got tissue paper now okay see the big
thing about these is they don't have the
ugly yellow thing to indicate that it's
a camera it's just black black on black
it's almost like is there a human
spectacles logo here we go here we go oh
okay Wow
these are definitely I would have to
make them tighter to fit my face yeah
but are they like fashion Vinick to wear
it's cool
their fashion thing I fashioned it yeah
like you could rock that at passionately
this is the button so this is the camera
button
these are sleep I mean a camera isn't
this you know spectacles wow these are
oh my gosh
okay look at the inside yeah that's
pretty cool
what is that what is that design called
a style that floral it looks like a
Lauer's that looks amazing
so I would definitely say these are more
girly but hey it's 20 to 18 no labels
exist
jerem you could rock these eye drops
both you know alright here we go
like these fit me immediately you look
good and they're all so passionate I
immediately prefer these actions really
just fit my face better yeah but they
rocks protection and I don't know I just
like it has a nice click to it yeah oh
it's going so here are the accessories
start here
okay so tells you what to do clock okay
so we're gonna throw these on the
charger and I'm gonna get some real
world experience hop on our mopeds and I
think it's gonna be a good way to
Instagram story from our moped because I
don't even snapshot
[Music]
and I spent $200 on spectacles my first
snapchat spec actually it's not my first
yeah let's see what we can actually do
with this footage the biggest question I
want to answer today is is the style
cool enough to wear it out and about is
the video good enough and conspire cold
again were they ever cool oh it was
filming during that - you got the circle
video alright so export so you can
export it with a white background black
background square or widescreen wow it's
interesting that there's not an option
to just do vertical they don't want you
to post this to Instagram stories so
let's say video with a white background
oh that's quick so it's not all the way
wide because the lighting isn't the best
in here I mean the footage is like
really grainy and looks terrible so I
think it's time to go outside
ride the mopeds and see if it does the
job that I intended it to do
[Music]
so we're out here by the water by a
Williamsburg Bridge
quick update how you're wearing these
how do these feel cuz on my face they
fall down those actually didn't fall
down
yeah these feel nice they like maybe a
touch they fall down so I would say fit
wise if you have a bigger nose or a
bigger head go with these does that
include a bigger head physically but
also like if you're smarter you should
get it yeah exactly but I kind of like
the style of these better
[Music]
final thoughts on the new styles of
snapchat spectacles just straight up
because these are $200 and we have only
three styles now these just didn't fit
my face like I wanted them to and
because they are the bigger fashionista
design which I think maybe some of you
guys will enjoy they weren't super
practical for me like in terms of
visibility when I tried to look to my
left or right on my moped or a booster
board while wearing these and those are
pretty much the only time I would wear
these I couldn't see at all in my career
feels which is actually kind of
dangerous if you think about it so
they're in the boxes because I'm
actually returning them the overall
design with these are so much better and
so much more sleek but the actual
glasses part of them they're just like
not quality lenses I have a few pairs of
Ravens and the basic thing with
sunglasses if they're nice sunglasses it
will provide a darker balanced image but
it's still going to be clear with these
it just feels like there's a big hunk of
plastic in front of my eyes and it's
kind of just fuzzy blurry they're not
clear at all so I think I'm just gonna
bite the bullet with posting on my moped
return these get back my $400 and maybe
buy the new GoPro Hero 7 because that
looks cool I don't want to rag on these
the whole time I will say the process of
getting them to your camera roll
downloading them into memories on
snapchat is super fast and I didn't have
any issues with that regardless it was
such a fun day rolling around with
Jeremy make sure to follow him on
Instagram he also has a YouTube channel
we got some really dope pics from
yesterday so make sure to follow me on
Instagram of us all all the links are
down in the description below and get
the sweat the office series starts next
week on Monday are you ready are you
subscribed let me know if you like this
video subscribe down below and stay
peachy okay bye
hey John are you tech tacking yeah sure
and you guys see me doing are you with
my glasses yeah you get that you get
that this is how I'm gonna film
everything